[requires]
libpqxx/7.7.3
catch2/2.13.9
nlohmann_json/3.10.5
openssl/3.0.3
libFGL/latest@alaestor/main
glib/2.73.0

[options]
openssl:shared = False
openssl:fPIC = True
openssl:enable_weak_ssl_ciphers = False
openssl:386 = False
openssl:no_aria = True
openssl:no_asm = True
openssl:no_async = False
openssl:no_blake2 = True
openssl:no_bf = True
openssl:no_camellia = True
openssl:no_chacha = True
openssl:no_cms = True
openssl:no_comp = True
openssl:no_ct = True
openssl:no_cast = True
openssl:no_deprecated = True
openssl:no_des = True
openssl:no_dgram = True
openssl:no_dh = True
openssl:no_dsa = True
openssl:no_dso = True
openssl:no_ec = True
openssl:no_ecdh = True
openssl:no_ecdsa = True
openssl:no_engine = False
openssl:no_filenames = True
openssl:no_fips = True
openssl:no_gost = True
openssl:no_idea = True
openssl:no_legacy = True
openssl:no_md2 = True
openssl:no_md4 = True
openssl:no_mdc2 = True
openssl:no_ocsp = True
openssl:no_pinshared = True
openssl:no_rc2 = True
openssl:no_rc4 = True
openssl:no_rc5 = True
openssl:no_rfc3779 = True
openssl:no_rmd160 = True
openssl:no_sm2 = True
openssl:no_sm3 = True
openssl:no_sm4 = True
openssl:no_srp = True
openssl:no_srtp = True
openssl:no_sse2 = False
openssl:no_ssl = True
openssl:no_stdio = True
openssl:no_seed = True
openssl:no_sock = True
openssl:no_ssl3 = True
openssl:no_threads = False
openssl:no_tls1 = True
openssl:no_ts = True
openssl:no_whirlpool = True
openssl:no_zlib = True


[generators]
cmake
